feat: add sitemap prompt to nextjs-plugin (#479)
godaddy/gasket: packages/gasket-plugin-nextjs/README.md

}
```

## Adding a Sitemap

> When creating a new application with this plugin, you will be prompted with a quesion in the CLI asking if you would like to add a [sitemap] to you application. 
> 
> Answering yes to this question will install `next-sitemap` as a dependency, generate a next-sitemap.config.js file, and add a `sitemap` npm script to your package.json. `next-sitemap` is an npm package that genaterates sitemaps and a robots.txt file for nextjs applications. Learn more by reading the [next-sitemap docs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a new application with this plugin, you will be prompted with a question in the CLI asking if you would like to add a [sitemap] to your application. 

Answering yes to this question will install `next-sitemap` as a dependency, generate a next-sitemap.config.js file, and add a `sitemap` npm script to your package.json. `next-sitemap` is an npm package that generates sitemaps and a robots.txt file for Next.js applications. Learn more by reading the [next-sitemap docs].
```
